README.md, before:

# UncoverIt - Picture Guessing Game

This is a simple game where players reveal hidden squares of an image and try to guess what it is as quickly as possible. Whether it's testing your own guessing skills or playing with friends, UncoverIt offers a fun and engaging way to pass the time.

## Game Overview

The goal is to guess the hidden image by revealing squares, one at a time. The game allows players to either select specific squares to reveal or reveal random squares for an added challenge. Players aim to identify the picture with as few reveals as possible.

## Features
- Image Upload: Players can upload their own images to create unique guessing challenges.
- Grid Overlay: Images are initially covered by a grid of hidden squares. Squares are revealed one by one.
- Random Reveal Option: Players can either select specific squares or let the game reveal random squares.
- Reveal All Squares: Players can decide to uncover all remaining squares to finish the current game.
- Progress Save: The game saves your current image and revealed squares, so you can continue where you left off after a reload.

## How to Play
- Upload an image by selecting it from your device.
- Click "Start Game" to cover the image with a grid of hidden squares.
- Choose a square to reveal, or click "Reveal by Random" to let the game reveal a random square.
- Try to guess the image with as few revealed squares as possible!

# Develop or play locally
Clone this repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/pdrhlik/uncover-it.git
cd uncover-it
```

Install dependencies with Vite:
```bash
npm install
```

Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

Open your browser and go to http://localhost:5173 to start playing.

# License
MIT

Commit message:

Add link to online demo

README.md, after:

# UncoverIt - Picture Guessing Game

This is a simple game where players reveal hidden squares of an image and try to guess what it is as quickly as possible. Whether it's testing your own guessing skills or playing with friends, UncoverIt offers a fun and engaging way to pass the time.

## Game Overview

The goal is to guess the hidden image by revealing squares, one at a time. The game allows players to either select specific squares to reveal or reveal random squares for an added challenge. Players aim to identify the picture with as few reveals as possible.

## Features
- Image Upload: Players can upload their own images to create unique guessing challenges.
- Grid Overlay: Images are initially covered by a grid of hidden squares. Squares are revealed one by one.
- Random Reveal Option: Players can either select specific squares or let the game reveal random squares.
- Reveal All Squares: Players can decide to uncover all remaining squares to finish the current game.
- Progress Save: The game saves your current image and revealed squares, so you can continue where you left off after a reload.

## How to Play
- Upload an image by selecting it from your device.
- Click "Start Game" to cover the image with a grid of hidden squares.
- Choose a square to reveal, or click "Reveal by Random" to let the game reveal a random square.
- Try to guess the image with as few revealed squares as possible!

## Demo
You can try the game online here: [https://uncoverit.patrio.dev](https://uncoverit.patrio.dev)

# Develop or play locally
Clone this repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/pdrhlik/uncover-it.git
cd uncover-it
```

Install dependencies with Vite:
```bash
npm install
```

Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

Open your browser and go to http://localhost:5173 to start playing.

# License
MIT
